1. Geotagged photo collection - problems faced - instagram
Why flickr used?
Parameters of a geotagged photo

2. Open refine tool for cleaning - removing duplicates and photos with incorrect spatial coordinates. 

3. Discovering tourist locations can be viewed as a clustering
problem of identifying highly photographed locations. Done on lat and longitude.
Why k means is not good and density based algos preferred?

DBScan - how epsilon was visualised for calculation ****

4. Building profiles of locations. mining of context of locations which
is useful for travel recommendation.

First step is to identify visits made by different users from
photos taken by them on these locations(sort photos acc to time, visit duration threshold)
Second step is to build the history of contexts in which
locations have been visited. (TS used to derive seasonal info and weather context)
The last step is to find the popular context of each location
from the history of contexts derived from visits made to
respective location(high frequency weather and season context as popular context)

Build the location database. l= l1, l2..... (li = vli, pop(season), pop(weather))

5. Semantic enrichment: tf-ldf for identifying most signifant tags(representative tags) for a particular location cluster.
Higher the score, th more distinctive the tag is within that cluster

6. Modeling preferences and similarities

Building user location matrix - Build a weighted undirected graph(users u and locations l). travel interest of a user is determined here.
building user-user similarity matrix - modified longest common subsequence (LCSS) to measure the similarity of two trips. 
Each entry in M TT represents the similarity between u a and u b . A larger value means that both users are more similar in terms
locations that have been preferred (visited) by ua.

7. Recommendations: 

Input: a query Q = (u a , s, w, d), where u a is a target user; s
is the season information; w is the weather information; and d
is the target city user u a will visit.
Output: a list of locations in target city d that are
recommended for user u a to visit

Collaborative filtering

6. Additional injected params: live events(+)


